All our Resellers enjoy easy and profitable recurring revenues with simple Administration that track your residuals enhancing your value proposition with flexible and reliable payment solution.
We are one of the most recognized brands and all our transactions are secure as well as healthy. Our Partnership Opportunities let you
•	Grow faster in the competition
•	Increase conversions within the sales channels
•	Offer cost efficient, simple and elegant payment ecosystem

Get in Touch
All our sophisticated works with enhanced partner programs le you easily generate new income connecting your solutions to global payments means. Each and every bit of our work offers you and the customers a host of potential benefits and long raises.
Rise in the competition
Our outstanding efforts and world-class work help you reach your global potential faster and smoother than before. With a range of alternative payment methods we cope with a multitude of choices which pays the ability to accept payments in multiple currencies. The excellence in every bit of our work is immensely praised by our clients.
Simplicity enhanced
Our ultimate design, simple yet intelligent routing and advanced handling analytics let the customers to utilize the gateway in a best possible manner. All the payment pages provide a consistent experience across any device and are sober and modest to use for all ages.
High level risk free security in Payment
We come with risk free bank transfers to pay suppliers and improve treasury management with excellent fraud tools that help lower costs and improve margins in each payment.
We ensure integration in gateway to establish joint customer opportunities at every step of transaction.
Increase Your Revenue
Our reliable residual payments and competitive buy rates bring you additional revenue opportunities along with handling merchant support and billing on your behalf with excellency.
We work with qualified resellers as a trusted in the industry as our transactions are always secure and smart.
Merchant Conversion Program
Protect and strengthen your business with us for free customer support to our resellers where elegant interface allows you to set up your merchants and manage your account activity in quick and secured processing. 
Reseller Interface
Our Reseller Interface is a password protected stream process that allows you to set up payment gateway accounts or generate reports in the best possible manner.

Who can become an Affiliate Reseller with Cartpay?
POS System Developers
Web-Hosting Company
Internet Service Providers
Shopping Cart Providers
Value Added Resellers
Independent Software Dealers
Anyone holding Merchant Customers
